Question 1 of 2
Which statement best describes the business problem that Accenture is tasked to address for this project?
The clients financial stability has rapidly declined due to COVID-19 and they need to find new market opportunities to increase revenue.
The client is looking to raise a significant amount of money through private investment and needs support with this.
The client has reached a massive scale within recent years and does not have the resources internally to handle it.
The client has reached a massive scale within recent years and is having big issues retaining and hiring the best talent. The client needs help to find out why this problem has arisen.
Option C
Great Work!
Well done! Spot on, the client stated that scale was a big problem of theirs and they are struggling to manage the scale with the resources that they currently have. The brief said that the client is looking for help with the management of their journey into such a large scale.

Question 2 of 2
Which statement lists the three requirements that Accenture is tasked to fulfill for this project?
Audit of financial history, IPO recommendations, analysis of popular content
Big data analytics, recommendations for recruitment, analysis of popular content
Audit of big data practice, recommendations for IPO, analysis of market opportunities
Audit of big data practice, recommendations for IPO, analysis of popular content
Option D
Great Work!
Correct! Spot on! These 3 requirements are the exact requirements that the client is expecting!

PART TWO
Question 1 of 1
Which task out of these options is the most relevant to you as a data analyst, and therefore which one will you work on?
On-site audit of their data-center
Preparation of best practice document for IPO
Analysis of sample data sets with visualizations to understand the popularity of different content categories
Stress testing of their technology to identify weak spots
Option C
Great Work!
Correct! This is exactly the task a data analyst would be focusing on and this is what you will be working on!
